{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ArialUnicodeMS;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19300\viewh11320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs96 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u304 NG
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 CLOSED-SOURCE AND CONFIDENTIAL SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Copyright \'a9 2025 Datakral Tec. Team. All rights reserved.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 1. INTRODUCTION\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 This License Agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions governing the use of proprietary software ("Software") developed and distributed by Datakral Tec. Team ("Licensor"). The Software is to be used exclusively by authorized individuals or institutions and only upon explicit written permission.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 2. DEFINITIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Software: Refers to the binary-executable application, including all related documentation, configuration files, and media, where the source code is not disclosed.\uc0\u8232 Licensee: A party (person or entity) granted permission to use the Software.\u8232 Confidential Information: Any and all information related to the Software, including its architecture, algorithms, technical design, and supporting documentation that is considered a trade secret.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 3. LICENSE SCOPE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Datakral Tec. Team grants to the Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable right to use the Software under the following conditions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To operate the Software solely on approved systems or hardware\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To use the Software for internal and authorized purposes only\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 To report bugs or provide controlled feedback within a closed environment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 This license does not include any rights to access the source code, modify the Software, reproduce it, or transfer it to third parties.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 4. PROHIBITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 The Licensee agrees not to perform or allow any of the following actions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reverse engineering, decompiling, or disassembling the Software\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Copying, reproducing, or distributing the Software in any form\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reselling, leasing, or sublicensing the Software to any third party\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Creating derivative works or making any modifications to the Software\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Violation of these terms may result in immediate termination of the license and legal action, including civil and criminal penalties.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 5. CONFIDENTIALITY AND TRADE SECRETS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 The Software contains confidential and proprietary information that is protected as a trade secret. The Licensee agrees to keep the Software and all related materials confidential, implement secure access protocols, and prevent unauthorized disclosure. Any breach will lead to liability under applicable trade secret and intellectual property laws.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 The Software is provided \'93as is\'94 without any warranties, whether express or implied. Datakral Tec. Team makes no representation or warranty as to its merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or freedom from defects. Datakral Tec. Team shall not be liable for any loss, damage, or expense arising from the use of the Software.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 7. TERMINATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon breach of any term herein. Upon termination, the Licensee agrees to cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies in their possession and to certify such destruction in writing to Datakral Tec. Team.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 8. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of T\'fcrkiye. The parties agree that the courts of Istanbul (Anatolian Side) shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising from this Agreement.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs96 \cf0 TR
\f3\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 KAPALI KAYNAK YAZILIM VE G\uc0\u304 ZL\u304 L\u304 K L\u304 SANS S\'d6ZLE\u350 MES\u304 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Telif Hakk\uc0\u305  \'a9 2025 Datakral Tec. Team. T\'fcm haklar\u305  sakl\u305 d\u305 r.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 1. G\uc0\u304 R\u304 \u350 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u304 \u351 bu Lisans S\'f6zle\u351 mesi ("S\'f6zle\u351 me"), Datakral Tec. Team (\'93Hak Sahibi\'94) taraf\u305 ndan geli\u351 tirilen ve da\u287 \u305 t\u305 m\u305  yap\u305 lan kapal\u305  kaynakl\u305  bilgisayar yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n\u305 n (\'93Yaz\u305 l\u305 m\'94) kullan\u305 m ko\u351 ullar\u305 n\u305  d\'fczenlemektedir. Bu yaz\u305 l\u305 m, yaln\u305 zca yetkilendirilmi\u351  kullan\u305 c\u305 lar taraf\u305 ndan, \'f6nceden yaz\u305 l\u305  izin al\u305 nmas\u305  ko\u351 uluyla kullan\u305 labilir.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 2. TANIMLAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m: Kaynak kodu gizli tutulmu\u351 , sadece \'e7al\u305 \u351 t\u305 r\u305 labilir (binary) bi\'e7imde sa\u287 lanan, her t\'fcrl\'fc yard\u305 mc\u305  dosyay\u305  ve belgelendirmeyi i\'e7eren dijital \'fcr\'fcn\'fc ifade eder.\u8232 Lisans Alan: Yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305  kullanma hakk\u305  verilen, t\'fczel veya ger\'e7ek ki\u351 i.\u8232 Gizli Bilgi: Yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n i\'e7eri\u287 i, mimarisi, \'e7al\u305 \u351 ma prensipleri, algoritmalar\u305 , kod yap\u305 s\u305  ve teknik belgeleri d\'e2hil olmak \'fczere ticari s\u305 r niteli\u287 i ta\u351 \u305 yan t\'fcm bilgiler.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 3. L\uc0\u304 SANSIN KAPSAMI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Datakral Tec. Team, lisans alan ki\uc0\u351 iye sadece a\u351 a\u287 \u305 daki ama\'e7larla s\u305 n\u305 rl\u305 , m\'fcnhas\u305 r olmayan, devredilemez ve s\'fcreli bir kullan\u305 m hakk\u305  verir:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m\u305 , belirlenen donan\u305 m veya ortam \'fczerinde \'e7al\u305 \u351 t\u305 rmak\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n i\u351 levlerini dahili s\'fcre\'e7lerde s\u305 n\u305 rl\u305  olarak kullanmak\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gerekli durumlarda, lisansl\uc0\u305  kullan\u305 c\u305  taraf\u305 ndan yap\u305 lan hata bildirimleri \'e7er\'e7evesinde geri bildirim sa\u287 lamak\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bu lisans; kaynak koduna eri\uc0\u351 im, yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n de\u287 i\u351 tirilmesi, \'e7o\u287 alt\u305 lmas\u305  veya \'fc\'e7\'fcnc\'fc ki\u351 ilere devri haklar\u305 n\u305  i\'e7ermez.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 4. YASAKLAR VE KISITLAMALAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Lisans alan, a\uc0\u351 a\u287 \u305 daki faaliyetlerde bulunmayaca\u287 \u305 n\u305  kabul ve taahh\'fct eder:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n kaynak koduna eri\u351 im veya ters m\'fchendislik\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n tamam\u305 n\u305 n veya bir k\u305 sm\u305 n\u305 n izinsiz \'e7o\u287 alt\u305 lmas\u305 , da\u287 \u305 t\u305 lmas\u305  veya if\u351 a edilmesi\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n sat\u305 \u351 \u305 , kiralanmas\u305 , alt lisanslanmas\u305  veya devri\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m \'fczerinde de\u287 i\u351 iklik yap\u305 lmas\u305 , t\'fcrev \'e7al\u305 \u351 malar olu\u351 turulmas\u305 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Bu yasaklar\uc0\u305 n ihlali, s\'f6zle\u351 menin derh\'e2l feshedilmesine ve hukuki yollara ba\u351 vurulmas\u305 na neden olur.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 5. G\uc0\u304 ZL\u304 L\u304 K VE T\u304 CAR\u304  SIRLAR\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m, y\'fcksek gizlilik derecesine sahip olup, ticari s\u305 r kapsam\u305 nda de\u287 erlendirilir. Lisans alan, yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n hi\'e7bir b\'f6l\'fcm\'fcn\'fc \'fc\'e7\'fcnc\'fc taraflarla payla\u351 mayacak, d\u305 \u351  ortamlarda bulundurmayacak ve g\'fcvenlik protokollerine uygun olarak kullanacakt\u305 r. \u304 hlal durumunda, T\'fcrk Ceza Kanunu ve ilgili fikr\'ee m\'fclkiyet mevzuat\u305  uyar\u305 nca hukuki ve cezai sorumluluk do\u287 ar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 6. GARANT\uc0\u304  REDD\u304  VE SORUMLULUK SINIRLAMASI\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Yaz\uc0\u305 l\u305 m, "oldu\u287 u gibi" sunulmaktad\u305 r. Datakral Tec. Team, yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n belirli bir amaca uygunlu\u287 u, kesintisiz \'e7al\u305 \u351 mas\u305  veya hatas\u305 z olmas\u305  konusunda hi\'e7bir a\'e7\u305 k veya z\u305 mni garanti vermez. Yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305 n kullan\u305 m\u305 ndan do\u287 abilecek do\u287 rudan veya dolayl\u305  kay\u305 plardan sorumluluk kabul edilmez.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 7. S\'d6ZLE\uc0\u350 MEN\u304 N FESH\u304 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u304 \u351 bu s\'f6zle\u351 me, kullan\u305 m ko\u351 ullar\u305 n\u305 n ihlali h\'e2linde bildirime gerek olmaks\u305 z\u305 n derh\'e2l sona erer. Fesih halinde lisans alan, yaz\u305 l\u305 m\u305  t\'fcm kopyalar\u305 yla birlikte imha etmeyi ve Datakral Tec. Team\'92e yaz\u305 l\u305  olarak bildirmeyi kabul eder.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 8. UYGULANACAK HUKUK VE YETK\uc0\u304 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Bu s\'f6zle\uc0\u351 me T\'fcrkiye Cumhuriyeti yasalar\u305 na tabi olup, \u304 stanbul (Anadolu) Mahkemeleri ve \u304 cra Daireleri yetkilidir.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}